README.md, before:

SFAdventuresApp
===============

This is Actuate's SFAdventures Demo App

You must be connected to the internet for the google calendar on the Sales Rep Info Hub dashboard and the Twitter dashboard to work.

Executive Sales Insights Tab:
	Pipeline vs Goal  - Drills from Region -> District -> Individual Sales Rep.
	Forecast vs Quota - Drills from Region -> District -> Individual Sales Rep.
	
Sales Rep Info Hub Dashboard: 
    Commit this Qtr: 	Drills to report showing orders for selected customer. (already IV)
    Pipeline:			Drills to report showing top orders in pipeline
   
Analytica Insights Dashboard: 
The file SalesAnalysis.xls in Flatfiles is used to calculate the Total Cost needed for the crosstab.
 
    
Create the following bookmark to invoke in read-only mode:
    actuateone.localdomain:8700/iportal/dashboard?conf=%2fApplications%2fSFAdventuresApp%2fDashboards%2fExecutive Sales Insights%2edashboard%3b1&filetype=DASHBOARD&__vp=Default Volume&volume=Default Volume&showBanner=false&showBreadCrumb=false&locale=en_US

Commit message:

Changed heads on gadgets from "revenue by sales, by x" to Annual Sales Revenue by x. Updated ReadME to specify resolution to run demo.

README.md, after:

SFAdventuresApp
===============

This is Actuate's SFAdventures Demo App.

This demo should be run at 1440x900 resolution for the optimal gadget layout.

You must be connected to the internet for the google calendar on the Sales Rep Info Hub dashboard and the Twitter dashboard to work.

Executive Sales Insights Tab:
	Pipeline vs Goal  - Drills from Region -> District -> Individual Sales Rep.
	Forecast vs Quota - Drills from Region -> District -> Individual Sales Rep.
	
Sales Rep Info Hub Dashboard: 
    Commit this Qtr: 	Drills to report showing orders for selected customer. (already IV)
    Pipeline:			Drills to report showing top orders in pipeline
   
Analytica Insights Dashboard: 
The file SalesAnalysis.xls in Flatfiles is used to calculate the Total Cost needed for the crosstab.
 
    
Create the following bookmark to invoke in read-only mode:
    actuateone.localdomain:8700/iportal/dashboard?conf=%2fApplications%2fSFAdventuresApp%2fDashboards%2fExecutive Sales Insights%2edashboard%3b1&filetype=DASHBOARD&__vp=Default Volume&volume=Default Volume&showBanner=false&showBreadCrumb=false&locale=en_US
